mom's as everyone knows do so much for
us they give birth to us they nourish us
to care for us they bribe to get us into
USC the list goes on and on and on and
they also text us sometimes a lot and so
as a tribute to the women who send us so
much love with their thumbs we ask some
famous people to share their texts from
their real moms and here we go as we
prepare for this special day feather
teamwork when you are Co having makes
the dream work
you know dad and mom love you and want
the best for you but in any relationship
a man has to take the lead even if you
only let him think he is the man is the
head but the woman is the neck that
turns the head you just have to do it
where he doesn't think you're doing it
kind of like turning a sail on a
sailboat in the wind
subtle but it'll start to glide you two
should have bent to sail boat together
and see how it feels I would do that
with you any time David love you lots
will you send me anything you can find
for free thank you so much thank you
pens keychains are you having fun love
you love you mom
love you happy Mother's Day I did not
send her anything can you come over for
dinner tomorrow at 7:00 question mark
and then she wrote me the next day again
and said you never answer me I asked you
want to come for dinner at 7:00 and then
aggressive and then the next day she
wrote me I hope you will come for dinner
I still didn't respond
she's never invited me to do once though
I just crazy I just forget that's so
regret this is a Sunday May 6th 241 a.m.
you were tired and in a funk today go
the duck to sleep I hear you love mom
go up a duck it's asleep so my mom only
texts me in Chinese this is the only
English text you have a text of me
it just says who question like I'm not
really sure if she was asking about me
or the dog but we're both good
I wish we were in Dublin love Ireland
have fun or else shamrock emoji but then
parentheses
this is either a shamrock or a marijuana
leaf can't tell either works Jared Leto
is 47 I'm going vegan I mean I'll go
vegan with you mom
I love Jared Leto too so I survived my
first dose should I take it twice daily
how long before I should see results or
need to increase dose bring vape dose to
Florida spelled vApp from your stoner
mom I hate autocorrect fun article I
said did fun article autocorrect yes I
thought my mom was just calling you
JT concert it's not going to good job
CCD K just can't text still trying baby
love you you I have no idea what that
means
[Music]
karmanov hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am
NOT allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry